---
title: Colophon
url: /colophon
menu:
  main:
    name: Colophon
    weight: 90
---

This is my blog. You can view all the [source code on GitHub here](https://github.com/myquay/michael-mckenna.com). It's nothing special. It's a bit over-engineered and it feels like I've spent more time creating code than writing content, but I am partial to it and enjouy the pursuit.

I have been publishing since (checks notes) - look at that: February 11, 2013. I am basically a dinosaur in the tech world at this point; I consider myself fortunate to witness the awakening of the internet.

## Technology

This blog is a static website generated by [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/). The design of the blog used to be based on a theme I created back in [May 2023](https://github.com/myquay/hugo-theme-peripheral/commits/main/) called [Peripheral](https://github.com/myquay/hugo-theme-peripheral). 

> "A fast, clean, Hugo theme with minimal dependencies. We've called it Peripheral because it is lightweight to reduce web-bloat introduced by the theme itself." 
> &mdash; Michael from years ago _(yes that's an em dash)_

I decided it needed more nostalgia and subjected it to the AI vortex with strict instruction to add lots of Windows 95.

The total size is about 10x bigger and now sits at 100-odd KB. Still pretty good.

## The use of 'AI' in this blog

All the writing on this site is my own. I enjoy it; there is no way I'd let a box of statistics take my voice.

At heart I'm a pragmatist, I use AI tooling extensively. You'll find its grubby little fingerprints all over the source code of this blog. It's an incredible bit of technology that's been a game-changer for me. I cannot believe in 2026 I can prompt a few changes to the source code of my blog while watching country calendar. _Amazing_. 

However, when it comes to the actual content, I have personally tapped out each and every letter unless otherwise stated.

[AI policy here](/ai-policy).

## Contributions

The [website source code](https://github.com/myquay/michael-mckenna.com) is open source, the content I have written is not. Please consider contributing if you come across any errors, omissions, or improvements.
